SOLUTION.md, before:

# Solution Documentation

Please provide a brief explanation of your approach, design decisions, and any assumptions you made while completing the assessment.

## Approach

<!-- Describe your overall approach to solving all three tasks -->

## Task 1: Smart Contract

Implemented a simple ERC20 vault that tracks per-user balances per token, emits deposit/withdraw events, and uses OpenZeppelin Ownable/Pausable/ReentrancyGuard for safety. Added deployment tooling: a TokenVault deploy script and task, plus a MockERC20 deploy task that supports initial minting and optional extra minting for test flows.

## Task 2: Backend API Configuration

<!-- Describe your backend configuration and integration approach -->

## Task 3: Next.js Frontend

<!-- Describe your frontend architecture and UI/UX decisions -->

## Design Decisions

<!-- Explain key design choices across all components -->

## Integration

<!-- How do the three components work together? -->

## Assumptions

<!-- List any assumptions you made -->

## Challenges & Solutions

<!-- Describe any challenges you encountered and how you solved them -->

## Setup Instructions

<!-- Provide step-by-step instructions to run your solution -->

### Smart Contract
```bash
# Your instructions here
```

### Backend API Configuration
```bash
# Your configuration instructions here
# - Environment variables used
# - Contract ABI updates
# - Any customizations made
```

### Next.js Frontend
```bash
# Your instructions here
```

## Additional Notes

<!-- Any other information you'd like to share -->

Commit message:

Add task to check ERC20 allowance and balance and update definitions for TokenVault methods

SOLUTION.md, after:

# Solution Documentation

Please provide a brief explanation of your approach, design decisions, and any assumptions you made while completing the assessment.

## Approach

<!-- Describe your overall approach to solving all three tasks -->

## Task 1: Smart Contract

Implemented a simple ERC20 vault that tracks per-user balances per token, exposes `balanceOf` and `totalDeposits` getters, emits deposit/withdraw events, and uses OpenZeppelin Ownable/Pausable/ReentrancyGuard for safety. Added deployment tooling: a TokenVault deploy script and task, plus a MockERC20 deploy task that supports initial minting and optional extra minting for test flows.

## Task 2: Backend API Configuration

<!-- Describe your backend configuration and integration approach -->

## Task 3: Next.js Frontend

<!-- Describe your frontend architecture and UI/UX decisions -->

## Design Decisions

<!-- Explain key design choices across all components -->

## Integration

<!-- How do the three components work together? -->

## Assumptions

<!-- List any assumptions you made -->

## Challenges & Solutions

<!-- Describe any challenges you encountered and how you solved them -->

## Setup Instructions

<!-- Provide step-by-step instructions to run your solution -->

### Smart Contract
```bash
# Your instructions here
```

### Backend API Configuration
```bash
# Your configuration instructions here
# - Environment variables used
# - Contract ABI updates
# - Any customizations made
```

### Next.js Frontend
```bash
# Your instructions here
```

## Additional Notes

<!-- Any other information you'd like to share -->
